I sexually Identify as an Attack Helicopter. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of soaring over the oilfields dropping hot sticky loads on disgusting foreigners. People say to me that a person being a helicopter is Impossible and I'm fucking retarded but I don't care, I'm beautiful. I'm having a plastic surgeon install rotary blades, 30 mm cannons and AMG-114 Hellfire missiles on my body. From now on I want you guys to call me "Apache" and respect my right to kill from above and kill needlessly. If you can't accept me you're a heliphobe and need to check your vehicle privilege. Thank you for being so understanding.
My son :boy::skin-tone-2: can be homer sexual :rainbow-flag: My daughter :girl::skin-tone-2: can be lebanese :two_women_holding_hands: But I will NEVER ! Raise a child :baby::skin-tone-2: who likes Jake and Logan Paul :no_good:? 
Don't:clap: pretend:clap: to :clap:be :clap:entitled:clap: to:clap: financial:clap: compensation:clap: if :clap:you :clap:or:clap: a:clap: loved :clap:one :clap:hasn't:clap: even :clap:been :clap:diagnosed:clap: with :clap:mesothelioma
If my girl:girl::heart_eyes: and my fidget spinners :100::fire: are both drowning:ocean::frowning: and I could only save one:smile::point_up: you can Catch me letting it spin at my girls funeral:sweat_smile::ghost::skull: Cause it's fidget spinner or catch a fade my nigga:pray::facepunch:
If I had a dollar for every gender, I'd only have 2 bucks and millions of illegal counterfeit dollar bills that only bring sadness and disappointment to the human race.
i might be a capitalist :us: but if i see a fine :cold_sweat::sweat_drops: ass :peach: communist girl :see_no_evil: my bloodline :syringe:about to be a breadline:bread:
My best friend and I got married so we could have better health insurance and work benefits. We sometimes give each other brojobs because men need release, you know? Eventually adopted a kid to be our bro. We raise him like our own and we're all really cool with each other. But the other night we were going at each other and our balls touched and he didn't say "no homo". Did I marry a gay guy?
I'm tired of the deceit, i'm tired of the lies, i'm tired of the humiliation. They come in the mail, through my inbox, in the street, I can't escape it. They all say the same three things, the same three fucking words. "ur mom gay"
My gender is a randomized 4-digit number. I'm also genderfluid so this number may change at any time. It is not my responsibility to tell you what my gender is, you should be able to tell by the way I am presenting. I may not always present as my gender, and if you expect me to then you're just being cisnumeronormative. If you ever misgender me by getting any of my numbers wrong at any time, I WILL NOT hesitate to call you a transdigitphobe.
In the song "Fireflies" by Owl City he states "I get a thousand hugs from 10,000 lightning bugs." Are we to assume each bug hugs him a thousand times? Or is he only getting hugged by 1/10th of the bugs?
Dude why the fuck do you guys even like Dr.Pepper, Mr.Pibb is the SAME EXACT THING but 30% cheaper, and on top of that, we have Dr.Thunder which is even 30% CHEAPER than that and it's the same thing as Mr.Pibb!
I sexually iDentify as an Apple product. Ever since I was a girl I dreamed of having supreme performance over disgusting Android. People say to me that a person being an Apple product is iMpossible and I'm fucking retarded but I don't care, I'm beautiful. I'm having a plastic surgeon iNstall glass and a notch on my body. From now on I want you guys to call me "iEva" and respect my right to get support for 5 years after release and never have bloat. If you can't accept me you're an iPhobe and need to check your Apple privilege. Thank you for being so understanding.