imma fuck u up idiet
i will wreck u
say some shit again u little dork
You know what? I'll have you know that when I'm at max strength, I can break a bone in your body with ONE PUNCH.
don't talk to me humanslave
hey, i forgot to mention, you got this in the mail the other day: We regret to inform you that your Credit Card titled "Mum's Visa" has been declinded, any of your latest purchases will not be processed due to suspicous activities. To unlock your card for further use, please confirm your recent purchases and total cost with your local bank.
WARNING!!!!DON'T ERP WITH THIS PERSON!!!! we were having sex (Second Life) online and flirt for many hours,,time pass and we get taken down fucking and i pulle out my penis (5.5 inche) but then this girl (???) also take out cock. GIRLS DO NOT COCK, this guy CHEAT and TRICK ERP (stupid futa fetish)
ur adopted
lol have fun with netflix and cry later
F.U.C.K stands for "Friends U Can Keep" so promise, you'll F.U.C.K me forever. Send this to 5 people, and see who F.U.C.K's you back
these mustard covered fingas aint gonna lick themselves boy
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in guerilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.
`Re: Pornhub Membership` Hello my friend, this is the administrator of PornHub. We have noticed that you haven't logged in for 2 weeks, we're just checking to see that everything is okay with our biggest subscriber. Since you visited us last time, we've updated the "Gay Hentai" section with many videos we know you will enjoy. See you soon!